In the categorical data graph, the viewer first notices the disparity between Newcastle and London house
prices wherein London is clearly shown to be at least double their Newcastle counterparts for any given
house type. Then the viewer can start focusing on how this gap in 2001 was close to double, but, over time
house prices in London have been trending up at a much faster rate than those in Newcastle, displaying the
disparity in investment and demand in these locations. After this, the viewer then can focus on how the
relative price of house type's between the two areas doesn't appear to vary very much, with detached being
the highest followed by a substantial fall to semi-detached and then smaller gaps to terraced and then
flats, showing that house type price differences are relatively consistent across these two areas.

In the numerical data graph, the viewer first notices the enclosed region displaying the points which fit the
norm of the data so that they can get a grasp of how upload and download speeds are relatively consistent
across the UK. However, they then see the two outlying points with labels Kingston upon Hull and York which
challenge this idea somewhat as they display how in these specific regions, the average speeds are far higher
in at least one of these two metrics (with York being outlying in both metrics). Then they can focus on the
regression line that shows that although Kingston upon Hull's download value is far higher than the norm,
it still follows the general trend of the data when it comes to the relative difference between upload and
download speeds, whilst York is still a massive outlier showing how unique the region is in this category.

In the time series data graph, the viewer first notices how the stock value fluctuated over this region of
time, hitting a low in early 2009. They then look at the Bollinger bands which, show that before the crash
towards the end of 2008, there was a large amount of volatility in the market as the Bollinger bands have
wider gaps in this region indicating, a likely hefty change in value before the crash around October time.
Then towards the end of the graph, these bands begin to tighten again as less volatility and trust in the
market returning led to fewer extreme changes in value. The viewer can then compare this to the average
value across this time range which shows that although the crash was sudden, the recovery time meant that
the average value was still relatively low compared to the 2008 starting and 2009 ending values.